Document policy for adding older package versions (#5719)
conan-io/conan-center-index: docs/faqs.md

```

As a result, all calls to `tools.check_min_cppstd` must be guarded by a check for the setting and the only way to ensure the C++ standard is to check the compiler's version to know if it offers sufficient support. An example of this can be found [here](https://github.com/conan-io/conan/issues/8002).

## What is the policy for adding older versions of a package?

> We discourage adding older versions without a direct requirement. This is for historical reasons, when older versions were permitted the overwelming majority received zero downloads and were neved used by the community while still increading the burden on the build system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We discourage adding older versions without a direct requirement. This is for historical reasons, when older versions were permitted the overwhelming majority received zero downloads and were never used by the community while still increasing the burden on the build system.
```

> We discourage adding older versions without a direct requirement. This is for historical reasons, when older versions were permitted the overwhelming majority received zero downloads and were never used by the community while still increasing the burden on the build system.

Author: ```suggestion
We defer adding older versions without a direct requirement. We love to hear why in the opening description of the PR.
This is for historical reasons, when older versions were permitted the overwhelming majority received zero downloads and were never used by the community while still increasing the burden on the build system.
```
